DOCS-10887 - TPM=100 (#80)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-apis.adoc

You can use the 
https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-mq-admin/[Admin API] to create and manage apps, queues, and message exchanges.

> Client apps can sent up to 50 transactions per minute (TPM) to Anypoint MQ Admin API endpoints.

Reviewer: typo: can `send`

Reviewer: LGTM!

Reviewer: Also we can change the PR title to reflect the value `TPM=50` for quick future ref

Author: Dang, I thought I fixed that.

Author: The title of the PR has to have the Jira ticket number in it...

You can use the 
https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-mq-admin/[Admin API] to create and manage apps, queues, and message exchanges.

> If you call the Anypoint MQ Admin API for distinct environments within one minute,

Reviewer 2: Possible revision:
```suggestion
Requests to the Anypoint MQ Admin API are limited to 50 transactions per minute (TPM) per distinct environment.
```

Reviewer 2: ooof, sorry @hannanelson The Anypoint MQ Admin API limits requests...

> Anypoint MQ Admin API limits the number of transactions per minute (TPM) to 100 per caller ID (user or client ID).

Reviewer: As per https://mulesoft.slack.com/archives/G0SLBAN7J/p1623799501032000?thread_ts=1623705371.025500&cid=G0SLBAN7J we wont be increasing limit in PROD-EU. 
So existing limits stay as is. prod limit is 100 and prod-eu is 50. 
Lets display lower limit to the customer.

`Anypoint MQ Admin API limits the number of transactions per minute (TPM) to 50 per caller ID (user or client ID).`

Reviewer: @hannanelson ^

Reviewer 3: How about "There  is a 100 transactions per minute (tpm) per client app limit to endpoints of the Admin API."

Reviewer: @hannanelson Lets use the wording mentioned by praful, with a change in tpm to 50.

`There is a 50 transactions per minute (tpm) per client app limit to endpoints of the Admin API.`

Author: How about:
Client apps can send up to 50 transactions per minute (TPM) to Anypoint MQ Admin API endpoints.

Author: @prafulrana @kimayap03

Reviewer 3: "Your requests will be throttled to 50 tpm if you are calling the Admin API for distinct environments within a short time span." cc: @schinthakindims

Author: @prafulrana - No. I didn't see that. I don't have access to the slack thread.

Author: @schinthakindims - what constitutes a "short time span"? Also, what does that mean "for distinct environments"?

Reviewer 4: @hannanelson , this limit only applies, if the calls to distinct environments are made. ie., 50 tpm to distinct environments. If it is the same environment, the information is cached and the limit doesn't apply.

Reviewer: @hannanelson  Short timespan in this case is 1 minute

Reviewer 3: Sounds good to me, what about you @schinthakindims we can use 1 min
